---
id: b1506ab3-a303-436e-a064-e3b313ff8890
blueprint: page
title: 100%
parent: 9ac8c937-b995-4f86-aac2-23063bc08292
---
[**Dark Souls**](/darksouls)                **100%** is a speedrun category in which the player tries to complete the game as fast as possible while also fully clearing the game world. Glitches, skips and sequence breaks are all allowed. Using other programs to affect the game or editing the game code is not allowed; apart from a few exceptions allowed by the community.

The leaderboards for this category are available [here](https://www.speedrun.com/darksouls/100).

## Objectives

The objective is 100% world completion, meaning all permanent and significant interactions/goals in each area need to be performed/accomplished.

- Clearing all 26 bosses
- Clearing all non-respawning enemies **(1)**
- Unlocking all shortcuts and locked doors **(2)**
- Revealing all illusory walls **(3)**
- Dissolving all foggates
- Unlocking all warp points and kindling all 43 bonfires to the furthest level **(4)**
- Clearing all treasure locations **(5)**
- Finishing all NPC questlines **(6)**

---

**(1)** All of them need to be cleared when you finish the game. Any means are allowed here as long as the entities don't exist in the area anymore, for example the Gargoyles in Anor Londo can be cleared by turning Anor Londo to dark instead of killing them if desired. Black Phantom NPCs can be cleared by simply clearing the boss of the area, but some of them need to be killed separately in order to access all of the collectibles (for example Kirk's or Leeroy's set).

| List of all non-respawning enemies to clear |
| --- |
| - Boars |

**(2)** Any door, gate, elevator, ladder or similar construct counts as a shortcut if it can only be opened/activated from one side initially.

| List of all shortcuts to open |
| --- |
| - The shortcut door in the Undead Asylum |

| List of all locked doors to open |
| --- |
| Most of these have to already be opened for other objectives but are listed here for completeness. |

**(3)** Most of these already need to be accessed for other objectives, but some could be skipped. All of them are required for full world completion.

| List of all illusory walls |
| --- |
| An illusory wall not listed here will respawn on reload and as such does not permanently disappear. Example: illusory wall in New Londo Ruins. |

**(4)** If a Firekeeper is permanently dead, the bonfire has to have been kindled before the Firekeeper was killed.

**(5)** Any item pickup in an area that stays in the area on reload needs to be picked up and counts towards the world completion. If a potentially friendly NPC is killed, their drops stay permanently in the area and have to therefore be picked up as well in addition to the list below.

| List of all treasure locations |
| --- |
| **Undead Asylum (6-7):** |

**(6)** Generally, any NPC moving from one place to another or any NPC appearing/disappearing is considered a questline. The final state of each NPC questline (last location/disappeared/appeared) has to be reached where the NPC has to then be killed when hollow as they now fall under the 2nd rule (clearing all non-respawning enemies). Premature killing does not count as a completed questline.

| List of all NPC questlines |
| --- |
| - Anastacia + Lautrec: Free Lautrec, let him kill Anastacia, then kill Lautrec in Anor Londo and revive Anastacia in Firelink afterwards. |

## Tracker

- [**Download**](//github.com/Kahmul/Dark-Souls-100-Percent-Tracker/releases)

## Routes

| Route Type | Estimated possible time | Record / VoDs |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [V3](//pastebin.com/HZE4DtAC) | 3:21:30 | [Leaderboard](https://www.speedrun.com/darksouls/100) |

## Rules

(The rules listed here are specific to this category. Go to [**this page**](/darksouls#rules) to find the rules that apply to all Dark Souls speedruns.)

- You need to complete all the objectives listed above in every single area before finishing the game by killing Gwyn and choosing an ending.
- The tracker linked above needs to be displayed in some way on the video of your submission during the whole run. This can be either showing the whole tracker, all the individual objectives, or just the total percentage.
- Glitches, skips and sequence breaks are all **allowed** with the exception of the [Force Quit Wrong Warp](/darksouls/wrong-warp). All others like [Duke Skip](/darksouls/duke-skip), [Ceaseless Skip](/darksouls/ceaseless-skip), [Item Dupe](/darksouls/item-dupe), [Moveswap](/darksouls/moveswap) or Toggle Escape are fair-game.
